Wait until the Qiao family gets through the crisis
I will officially be with you.
But before that
You have always been a legitimate Mrs. Du
Chengyu, do you have to divorce me?
Xiaomei, I made it clear before we got married
It's just business between us
As for the rest, nothing
Is it because of Zhang Yurong?
Did you forget that we came before?
Zhang Yuyao, why are you here?
Chengyu buckwheat seems to welcome me
I'll let him do it.
Don't buy it for him.
Transcend, this is you looking for his wife?
What do you want to say?
Nothing. Nothing.
Let's talk about something today
Sister-in-law?
Can you help us prepare some fruit?
I'm on my way.
Hey, a sister-in-law hooked her up like this
Does this fat woman Chengyu like you?
Ah you don't make fun of her
Show her some respect
Do you understand?
OK, OK. Got it.
I just haven't seen such a fat woman
And?
young master
Are you really going to hang out with him all the time?
Wait until the Qiao family's Go is lifted
I will divorce him